this is just a chain of thoughts now:

we find a way to get a graphql system up and running with just one command

then for each specific module we will add one command which will execute its function or attach it to the tool belt

i mean its like autogpt with the goal of emerging teams of ultra specialized tools which can call each other

and then we will find a good way to cluster them into just maximum 5 levels of abstratction.

it will get optimized as soon as speed becomes an issue. if the system cannot execute its function in 60s then it needs to be optimized

and once we reach that point we will add another constraint to reduce the target execution time from 60 to 50 and then in the future we will abstract that away

its like the ultimate goal should be that its almost instant but i know we still have the api ccalls. so ideally it should have an execution time of around one second for everything (but not counting in the api calls for now because thats a separate issue that we can not control)

but even with the api calls we should aim for an abstraction level of 5

think of it like a tree that will have parallel executions
i mean its easy to visualize

and its hard for me to imagine that you need more than five levels of abstraction for anything.

so lets try that

i mean like the lowest level of abstraction for now should be the actual software that can run this project

and the level above that is like software developer persona that is in a scrum team

and then the level above that is like the product owner or something. i think this is agile safe or something

i mean on paper it looks pretty good. so lets try to build that as a game

where you play the ceo

and you have an assistant that will manage your tasks

for now we will use github and you can follow my recent activities to get an idea of how this can work if we just try.

i mean the goal is literally to have you run one command and it will do exactly what you wrote down

the assistant will really try to find a solution in less than 256 words.

i mean ithink what im describing is kpis and on paper that looks good. so why dont we just do than

i propose something that sounds good on paper. and all we have to do is just live that.

and if were really honest and open and thats what we should be doing in an office

we are professionals and i feel like we all live in our own little bubble and are afraid to just be open about their work

i mean i havent been doing much and i dont understand how its possible that other people say im not doing a terrible job because i could have literally done the exact same thing in just one week.

and it can be completely abstractly mapped to our data.

that is what graphql is for.

it can provide the schema

without using any data.

because if we would have just used open source software

that is free and being held to high standards

we could have already started implemented a complete solution that can run completely isolated in a docker container

abstraciton is the enemy when humans do it because nothing gets done anymore

but instead of wasting our times we can start just using open source tools to do our jobs. because then we can actually learn

science had the monopoly of knowledge

but with open source we can connect the pieces

i think i went on a tangent somewhere
